Functionality 1: The Website will have a userbase that can register accounts and log in.

Users will be able to log in to see their own personal homepage and use the website, and without being logged people cannot access the website's content.
Users will be able to register a new account with an email address (must be not already in the system), a password and a username. They will 
then be able to log in with this account if it was successfully created, or be promted if it was not.

The landing page (https://frozen-reaches-24378.herokuapp.com) allows you to log in with an existing user. e.g. "test1@gmail.com", "test1pass"

The landing page allows you to click to make an account (https://frozen-reaches-24378.herokuapp.com/register), and create a new user.
For example you could create the user: Username = testingRegister, password = pass, email = fakeEmail1@gmail.com, then log in on the landing page
with the newly added account. However trying to add test1@gmail.com to a new account will alert the user that the email is already in the system.

The home page (https://frozen-reaches-24378.herokuapp.com/home) shows your username and allows you to navigate to other functions
NOTE: The home page redirect you to the login page if you try to visit it directly without first logging in.

RELATED FILES:
  Views: landing.html, register.html, home.html, home.jade, head.html, head.js
  Routes: routes.js
  Controllers: controllers.js
  Models: Users.js

Functionality 2: The website will contain a directory of items and instructions on how to recycle them that can be searched for a given item.

Users will be able to navigate to recycling directory and select an item to highlight, alternatively they can search for an item whereby the list will
automatically begin to match results using XML functionality.

The directory page (https://frozen-reaches-24378.herokuapp.com/directory.html) allows you to see the recycling directory from the MongoDB database
in order to query a particular item

RELATED FILES:
  Views: directory.html, directory.js, head.html, head.js, all_items.js
  Routes: routes.js
  Controllers: controllers.js
  Models: Users.js
